Include CoW on readme and packages (#458)
bleu-fi/balancer-tools: README.md

# bleu's Tools

> The Bleu Tools repository serves as a hub for open-source projects aimed at empowering Balancer users with additional functionalities, analytics, and ease of use. Here, you will find a variety of tools and utilities that can be used to augment your experience as user of different protocols. Currently, we have tools about the CoW and Balancer protocols.

Reviewer: this still mentions Balancer at its core

A visual guide to Balancer pools' historical APR.

### MilkmApp

_👷👷👷 Under development 👷👷👷_

A Safe App to interact to create milkman orders on CoW Protocol.

## Repository Structure

> The project uses a monorepo structure. See the repo's [wiki](https://github.com/bleu-studio/bleu-tools/wiki) to find more detail about each project structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses a monorepo structure. See the repo's [wiki](https://github.com/bleu-studio/monorepo/wiki) to find more detail about each project structure.
```

@ribeirojose, @mendesfabio, @devjoaov, @luizakp, @yvesfracari

> Heartily crafted by Bleu, with immense gratitude to the protocols Grants committee for their financial endorsement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Heartily crafted by Bleu, with immense gratitude to the Balancer and CoW Grants committees for their financial endorsement.
```
